1)What is position property ? What are the different values of the CSS position property?
ans:static   :	 Default value. Elements render in order, as they appear in the document flow	
absolute     :   The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element	
fixed	     :    The element is positioned relative to the browser window	
relative     :	 The element is positioned relative to its normal position, so "left:20px" adds 20 pixels to the element's LEFT position


2)Explain the difference between position: relative and position: absolute?

ans:

 relative positioning moves an element relative to its default position on the page,
 while absolute positioning moves an element relative to its nearest positioned ancestor.
 Thank you so much for explaining it in so simple words. I understood it now. I will practice this to get more comfortable.

3)How can you make an element semi-transparent using CSS?
ans:
use a <color> value that has an alpha channel, such as rgb() . As with opacity ,
 a value of 1 for the alpha channel value makes the color fully opaque. Therefore, background-color: rgb(0 0 0 / 50%); 
will set the background color to 50% opacity.

4)scribe the difference between display: flex and display: inline-flex in CSS, and provide examples of when each would be appropriate in a development.
ans:

The display: inline-flex property will make the element a flexbox container and the container will be inline.
 They can adjust their size. The items inside the container are also inline. The display: 
flex property will make the items of the container inline but the container will block the whole row. The items in the container can adjust their size.

5)What are the advantages of using CSS Grid layout?

ans:
Grids can greatly speed up and improve your design time, as they can act as a guide that signals where is best to place, position, 
and scale elements. Instead of randomly positioning elements until you find a decent looking composition, a grid should help guide you toward a natural solution.

6)9. What is CSS transition and how is it used?


SS transitions allows you to change property values smoothly, over a given duration. In this chapter you will learn about the following properties: transition.


7)How do you use CSS transform to manipulate elements?

ans:

he CSS transform property changes the shape, position, and orientation of page elements. Values of the CSS transform property are functions that
 transform the target element, including translate(), scale(), and rotate(). A CSS transform rule is written as follows: transform: value(argument);

8)